Q1. A.  How can I get Admission Form? Application for the Undergraduate Admissions is available at Admission Web Portal www.neduet.edu.pk/admission. Q2. What are the minimum marks required for being considered for the admission? A. Following table provides details of eligibility for admission: For Bachelors of Engineering Programmes and BS (Computer Science) minimum 60% in HSC or Equivalent Examinations is required. For all other BS Programmes minimum 55% in HSC or Equivalent Examinations is required. Please see Chapter-4 of the Undergraduate Prospectus for details. Following table illustrates the summary; 
Q3. What is the merit for the admission? A.    The overall merit in respect of candidates form admission shall be determined on the basis of Merit Score (MS) to be calculated as:  MS = 50% (HSC Part I/ O-level Marks/ Equivalent Examinations)* + 50% (NED Entry Test Marks) * For candidates already completed HSC/A-level/Equivalent examinations will be dealt as per policy.  Q4. I have been appearing in additional mathematics / improvement examination, which marks/year I have to enter in admission form? A. You have  t o  enter the HSC/A-level/Equivalent examinations marks/year which you have completed or for which you have the complete results in hand by the last date of submission of the admission form.  Q5. What to do, if I am unable to register on Admission Web Portal? or e-mail address is already registered? Or User Name and Password not received via email? A. You have to re-check that either you have already registered with the same e-mail address or CNIC number. If you did not receive the login information, please check Junk or Spam folder in your email. In both cases, please contact on Helpdesk to resolve the issue. Q6. What to do, if I am unable to login with the provided User ID and Password to the Admission Portal? A. Make sure to enter the correct User ID and Password, since the password is case sensitive. Also make sure the difference between “0” (zero) and “O” (O for orange), “L” (L for Leaf) or “I” (I for Ink) which usually cause password error. Q7. What if, I am unable to upload my photograph on the Admission Portal? A. Please make sure that your photograph is according to the instructions provided in “Guideline for the Application-photograph” and should meet the given requirements. Q8. A. Q9. How can I pay Application Fee? Following procedure is to be followed for the payment of the application fee: i) After completing Online Application Form, required applicationfee(including self- finance/sponsor fee, if applicable) shall be indicated on the Transaction Slip, which contains an importantnumbercalled Transaction ID. ii) Take a Print-out of Transaction Slip and pay the indicated fee at any branch of the banks specified on Transaction Slip. iii) It is very important to note that the payment at the bank s h ou l d be against the Transaction ID mentioned on the Transaction Slip. How would I get my Pre-Admission Entry Test ADMIT CARD? A. After confirmation of receipt of fee at the bank, ADMIT CARD will be available in the Online Admission Portal, provided all other requirements (mainly photograph) found suitable. Q10.  What to do after passing Pre-Admission Entry Test? A. You are required to follow admission schedule and instructions given on it. For updates kindly refer to NED University website: https://www.neduet.edu.pk/admission. Q11. WhereAdmissionForm can be submitted? A. You need to print out the Admission Form along with Annexures (I & II), duly signed from Oath Commissioner and submit with other required documents to Admission Office of the University at the time of interview. Please view the Document Checklist for further details. Q12. How can I apply for any additional category? A. You can apply against any additional category which you are eligible for during initial submission of online Form, latest by due date. Note: Eligibility for admission under each category is as described in Chapter-5 of the University Prospectus (Soft copy is available at NED University website). Q13. Do I have to pay any fee for Additional category? A. No, there is NO extra fee for applying in additional category(ies). Q14.  What are the requirements of admission in the category of differently able candidate? A. For admission in category for those having disability (excluding the disability of deadness, dumbness and blindness) and passed HSC (Pre-Engineering/Computer Science) part I and II (as the case may be), from any Board of Intermediate of Education situated in province of Sindh and having certificate of disability from Department of Empowerment of Persons with Disabilities (DEPD), Government of Sindh. Further the candidate is required to appear before the Medical Board at the University. Q15.  Are DAE holders eligible to apply for the admissions? A. For admission in the category reserved for Diploma of Associate Engineer (DAE), the applicant must pass the qualifying examination from institution recognized by Sindh Board of Technical Education (SBTE), with minimum 60%, during last three years.